real scientists surely should have
mouse but only in the laboratory behind the wall
or in the subfield they do not belong at all now
I will test
homemade mousetrap is taken bread
crumb
wetted with vegetable oil
attached to the bottom of the glass and on
this glass is placed on the base
coin try well how to walk and
moving away from not so easy to do
x it seems it turned out and the same happens
that's what summer turned out so much
catch mice and sleight of hand here
required fair in general we decided
see what else against and mouse
ideas are on sale and about folk
craftsmen
film
calm down immediately when shooting this story
no mouse hurt we don't
promote cruelty and explore
took only those traps that are not
kill and maim our testers
made 3 cute house mice
star
squirrel and arrow catch mice in your
near Moscow house Alexey always entrusted
dogs frets in cats he does not believe a dog
Alas, not always cope Alexis decided
take matters into your own hands in the experience of applying
glue and really did not like the way
barbaric
proper instruction is how to apply
this glue how to do everything but what
it is not clear what to do with the surviving mice
perfectly
he means popular sticky
traps such as those that hang
against flies only a more powerful mouse is still not
the fly has Alexei's heart trembled and he
he made himself somewhat quite humane
or very witty mousetraps
before our eyes the jar bridge and bottle
try out the asterisk squirrel and arrow all
got caught none however what
do if you are not a Kulibin to choose
mousetrap in the store and listen
manufacturer explanations for example
American about what mouse death in
electric camera in just three
seconds this is real
humanity
it works elementary mouse rise in
this compartment
after discharge occurred compartment
turns over and the dead mouse blows
reception for farmer alexia is
unacceptable he says that with mice
pests and carriers of diseases
of course fights but dictated boundaries
cultures and ethics try not to
actually go humanist by
relation to all animals attentive
top
you are farmers on the right machines along with
our tail experts with an asterisk
Alexey will test with a squirrel and an arrow
harmless to rodents
engineering wonders that you can
find in free sale very
interesting mousetrap design
This ingenious in its simplicity it
Generally a miracle of design ideas
drum mouse hoard as moodle
I want to interesting principle with me
is caught
Now we will conduct a laboratory experiment
metal trap cottage immediately
attracted their attention and payment for
curiosity followed immediately
thanks to the spring in nature
pushing in mice
insulator in iron captivity one by one
It turned out all participants in the experiment
once again found himself at liberty for
Adventure retained alone and
asterisk and climbed
suspiciousness plastic house
once again the door slammed shut
stop torturing our helpers
the more that it's time to check
another anti-mouse technology for
what we need special
trained mice they used to run
toyota and work for the big world
loud shouts of applause therefore their nothing
does not scare the constant party mouse
runs will test
ultrasonic repeller on the market
There are many similar devices all
they are based on heaven and which
the assurance of mouse producers from release
high purity air swings
turn on
and what is it with athletes one sharply
changed his mind to continue the race and turned
back however the effect lasted only a minute
soon all the runners gathered at the finish and
feasted there until
run out of food
no attention to the repeller they
never answered
and so time evaluations ultrasound device
Domestic production gets 2
points in our experience he does not himself
showed trap plastic bidet
the house earns the top three easily
turns herself to catch
just one mechanical mouse you ride
gets a foursome works well but
has a weak spot metal spring
over time, the device will obviously stretch
may lose effectiveness that
touches squirrels and arrows and asterisks
for courage and
stress resistance
they are now accepted as permanent members
team program miracle technology live
in our office and get what they deserve
salary in the form of love